gpu: nvidia: amd: generic: ignore check-ref-impl (#2427)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: tests/benchdnn/doc/knobs_common.md

string against the `ref` string pattern. When `BOOL` is set to `true`, the check
returns an error if the name matches the reference pattern. By default, the

> check is disabled. It's useful to catch unexpected fallbacks to slow reference

Reviewer: Are we trying to say that it is helpful to identify unexpected fallback errors from a batch of issues to slow down  reference implementations?

```suggestion
check is disabled. It is useful to catch unexpected fallback errors to slow down reference
```

Author: This line wasn't added/edited in this PR so I am hesitant to change it.

Reviewer: Thanks for checking. I was highlighting the fact that "to slow" could be read as a conjugated verb and therefore, I interpreted that differently. I feel perhaps it is meant here that it's useful to catch unexpected fallbacks **for** slower reference implementations.

> implementations from a big batch of problems. This option is always disabled on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementations from a batch of issues. This option is always disabled on
```

Author: 'Problems' here refers to `configurations`, not `issues` I believe. This sentence also wasn't added or edited in this PR. It shows up in the diff as I added a sentence to this line.

> NVIDIA, AMD and Generic vendors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NVIDIA, AMD, and generic vendors.
```

Author: `Generic` here refers to a separate vendor (hence the capital G). Maybe I could reword it to make it sound better though.

Reviewer: Please add the oxford comma. Rest looks good. 

NVIDIA, AMD, and Generic vendors.

Author: Done, thanks.
